docs: Synchronization documentation (#3537)
argoproj/argo: docs/synchronization.md

# Sychronization

![beta](assets/beta.svg)

> v2.10 and after

Feature Request: [2550](https://github.com/argoproj/argo/issues/2550)

## Introduction
Synchronization feature enables to limit the parallel execution of the certain class of workflows or steps that needs to be 
rate limited with in namespace, but not to restrict others. 

> User can have multiple rate limit configuration in `configmap` and that can be referred 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can create multiple synchronization configurations in the `ConfigMap` that can be referred to from a workflow or step within a workflow.
```

in workflow or step in workflow.

> E.g:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:

```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
 kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
 name: my-config
data:

>   workflow: "1" # Only one workflow can run at given time in particular namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  workflow: "1"  # Only one workflow can run at given time in particular namespace
```

  template: "2" # Two instance of template can run at a given time in particular namespace
```

> ### Workflow level Synchronization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Workflow-level Synchronization
```

> 

Reviewer: Add some text here explaining what is meant by `Workflow level Synchronization`

E.g:
```yaml
#
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Workflow
metadata:
  generateName: synchronization-wf-level-
spec:
  entrypoint: whalesay
  synchronization:
    semaphore:
      configMapKeyRef:
        name: my-config
        key: workflow
  templates:
  - name: whalesay
    container:
      image: docker/whalesay:latest
      command: [cowsay]
      args: ["hello world"]
```

> ### Step level Synchronization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step-level Synchronization
```

> 

Reviewer: Some text would be good here as well

E.g:
```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Workflow
metadata:
  generateName: synchronization-tmpl-level-
spec:
  entrypoint: synchronization-tmpl-level-example
  templates:
  - name: synchronization-tmpl-level-example
    steps:
    - - name: synchronization-acquire-lock
        template: acquire-lock
        arguments:
          parameters:
          - name: seconds
            value: "{{item}}"
        withParam: '["1","2","3","4","5"]'

  - name: acquire-lock
    synchronization:
      semaphore:
        configMapKeyRef:
          name: my-config
          key: template
    container:
      image: alpine:latest
      command: [sh, -c]
      args: ["sleep 10; echo acquired lock"]
```
Examples:
1. [Workflow level](https://github.com/argoproj/argo/blob/master/examples/synchronization-wf-level.yaml)
2. [Step level](https://github.com/argoproj/argo/blob/master/examples/synchronization-tmpl-level.yaml)

> ###Existing Parallelism support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Other Parallelism support:
```

> WorkflowController already has a parallelism configuration in the controller.However, this setting applies to all workflows 

Reviewer: There
```suggestion
In addition to this synchronization, the workflow controller supports a parallelism setting that applies to all workflows in the system (it is not granular to a class of workflows, or tasks withing them). Furthermore, there is a parallelism setting at the workflow and template level, but this only restricts total concurrent executions of tasks within the same workflow.
```

# Sychronization

![alpha](assets/alpha.svg)

> v2.10 and after

## Introduction

> Synchronization enable users to limit the parallel execution of the certain workflows or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synchronization enables users to limit the parallel execution of certain workflows or 
```

> template within a workflow that needs to be rate limited with in namespace, but not to restrict others. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
templates within a workflow without having to restrict others. 
```
